think the approach of Chinese innovators
start first start from trying to address
a problem, solve a problem and um and if
we look at much of the developing world,
it really isn't about access to advanced
technologies that matters, but it's
really about adop adoptability.
Very interesting. Uh since you mentioned
about the USChina rivalry, maybe we can
end with that question. So, do you think
it's still possible for China and US to
reach a deal? What would the deal look
like?
uh you know it's very interesting that
Mr. Trump uh or President Trump
uh his view of China seems to be
evolving over time. We don't really know
but I think that in terms of competition
it's always going to be there. US and
Japan competition was quite ferocious uh
in major tech sectors but it really
pushed US to improve US to spend a lot
more on its innovation system and reform
its innovation system and in turn so did
Japan and as a result we all have
cheaper better products so for investors